the next text function combination will examine is Len on substitute,
So zero for manipulating text that's open 05 Combining Len and Substitute The land function
is,
of course,
used to measure the length of the string within a cell,
and substitute is used to replace one string with another within a given cell.
In this work feet,
we can see a couple of examples of how we can combine these two functions to get some
useful results In column A.
We have the copy of our advertisements and in column B,
we want to count the number of characters within the advert,
admit in spaces and in column C.
We want to count the number of words within the ad.
We can solve both of these requirements by the combined use of Len and Substitute.
So let's start with characters without spaces.
We start by using the len function,
and this takes a single argument the cell containing the text that you want the lens off.
And this,
of course,
is sell a to however,
because we want to admit spaces instead of referring directly to sell A to we nest.
The substitute function on the substitute function takes three arguments the cell on which
you want to perform the replace operation,
which is of course,
a to the old text,
which is the text that you want to replace.
And that's a space and the new text.
What do you want to replace the old text with?
We want to replace a space with nothing.
So once we've performed the substitute operation on A to,
we have the original string minus all of the spaces.
So let's type out.
First formula equals land.
Then I'll press walk,
enter to nest.
The substitute function our text parameter is a to comma old text which,
of course has to go in quotes is a space comma.
And now new tests which also has to get in Khost is nothing.
So we simply put double quotes,
double quotes with nothing between them,
close parentheses and the substitute.
Um,
I'll just press walt enter on the line.
The clothes in parenthesis off the land function underneath the opening parenthesis,
and that's our function.
So to test it in selling to just temporarily type a space,
be space.
See when I press enter,
I should get three letters and let's undo Let's just copy before me that down and move on
to the word count.
Imagine that we have three words in cell 82 will have to spaces one space between the first
and the second word.
One space between the second and the third.
If we had four words would have three spaces and so forth.
So the number of words is always going to be one more than the number of spaces.
That's the logic that we use to calculate the number of words we start by taking the length
of the entire string using the lens function,
which takes a single argument.
I either text that you want to measure and that,
of course,
is sell me too.
Then,
from that total figure,
we subtract the length not at the original string,
but of the original string with spaces removed,
and we use this substitute function to perform the removal operation.
The substitute function takes three arguments the cell containing the text,
which is a to the old text,
the text you want to get rid on,
which is a space,
and the new text,
the text you want to replace the old text with,
which is nothing So when we perform this calculation,
we'll end up with a number of spaces.
And as we've just seen,
once you have a number of spaces,
you just had one,
and you then have the number of words so onto our word count function.
And since we using this technique account in the number of spaces,
it's important that we make sure we only have one space between each pair of words.
If that's not the case,
we'll obviously get the wrong result.
So,
for example,
of deliberately put a couple of spaces in here,
we could build logic into our formula,
which ignores these extra spaces.
But I think it makes far more sense just to create an extra column here.
And let's just call it a copy trimmed and use the trim function to remove those extra
spaces.
That's just equals trim.
Sally,
too,
and we don't.
So now we know that when we have by our word,
camp will only have one space between words.
This is one of the three things that the trim function does.
It removes spaces at the end at the beginning,
and when it finds multiple spaces between words,
it contracts thumb down to one space well company.
The four minute down and then our word count will apply to the trend version of the ad copy
,
not the original.
It's on formula.
So equals Len on.
We want be to minus now.
I use all tender on,
but the second land here,
all tender again on the nested substitute text is B two comma.
Old text is a space.
New text is nothing,
which,
of course,
is double quotes,
double quotes and the clothes in parenthesis for Len.
So so far we've calculated the number of spaces express all kinds of one small men just put
plus one so that we now have the number of words that sounds the formula and to test it are
going to the original cell eight to just type word space based face,
word,
space,
space word.
Just a test that we'll ignore the extra spaces the women present.
It currently calculates that we have three words,
and let's undo that we could just company to formula down.
So there we have a couple of examples of using two very useful text functions.
Len on substitute in Conjunction